Fix the progress bar and add creator limitation (#85)
joshcarp/syslcatalog: README.md

## How to use
1. Set up environment

`export SYSL_PLANTUML=http://www.plantuml.com/plantuml`

> On macOS, if your `launchctl limit maxfiles` output is too low (such as 256), or you encountered "too many open files" error, set the current session to higher limitation like:
> `sudo launchctl limit maxfiles 65536 200000`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On macOS, if your `launchctl limit maxfiles` setting is too low (e.g 256) you might see the error message "too many open files" when running make. 

You can set the current session limit higher with:
`sudo launchctl limit maxfiles 65536 200000`
```
